Add information about npm install (#16)
liteflow-labs/docs: README.md

The service is created using a template that implements a task `hello`. We will use the task `hello` in the following process. You can get more information about this service by opening the file `services/hello-word/liteflow.yml` and about developing service in general, check out the [service documentation](/framework/service).

> Make sure to run `npm install` in your service to install all dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to run `npm install` in the service's folder to install all dependencies.
```
